Once we have created our hero element why don't we switch gears and head over back to our indexation
email.
And then within the next session now we're going to cover the last property that affects all the children
that we have within our Flex container.
Now in order to do everything when we first get her this fund says let's get her that.
So all of them are exactly the same.
And as far as online content properties concerned will it affect if we have multiple lines.
So that's the case where I'm going to head over back I'm going to select everything.
Now you know what.
For the time being I don't think we need to link either anymore since we're done with that.
And then remember once we add more items.
By default we have our no wrap.
So let's also do it this way Let's say that we're going to have a flex wrap equal to over that way we're
going to create multiple lines.
Because we would like to start out our online content and the default value for the line content is
in fact going to be stretch.
That's the reason when we have multiple lines.
Well that's the layout.
So we have items that are stretching from the line or all number one and also the items in row number
two are stretching right now just to show that it is not a black magic and in fact it is true.
We're gonna set up a line content or not a line items but a line content and lines go it's stretch and
you'll notice that our layout did not change at all.
And so we know that it is in fact our default behaviour.
Now let's copy and paste it and let's set it equal to a flex.
And right now what happens right now both of my rows are in fact sitting in the bottom here.
Because that's the reason when we have a flex and while that's the layout just like we had with a line
items when we can align them in fact all the way in the bottom at the end of our container while the
same thing works here only in this case we are actually selecting both of the rows.
Now the same way can just copy and it and I could do it like this and could say that there can be a
line at the start that is also my option and then I have space around and space between there are gonna
be extremely similar like we had already would justify content.
OK now before we covered that what do we place them in a centre.
Because that should be very very straightforward where I place them in a centre and of course both of
them are sitting right now in the centre.
And lastly like I said we have space around and space between now in order to cover both of these values
first of all what I'm gonna do is make more rows nice and not made more rows and of course if I make
them really really small of course it is not going to be possible but if I make let's say three rows
in my case and also as a side note I have zoomed in massively.
So please keep in mind just because I think it's easier a little bit for me to show you how it works.
That's the reason why I'm zooming in.
But if I'm going to go with let's say two rows and three rows notice I'm gonna have right now.
Of course my three rows in my container and then also can always do a bigger size for my container.
And that way you can see.
So if we are using space around we do have right now those margins like we have will justify content
only in this case it is not happening on the sides.
In fact it is sitting on the top and on the bottom and then in between the rows of course we have the
same margin.
However both of the items have that same margin but we also have a space between.
So if we copy and paste it and we set this up as space between you're going to notice that the top row
is sitting flush with top edge and the bottom one is sitting in fact flush with a bottom edge.
Right.
So that is the whole line content that is responsible if we have multiple rows or children rows in our
Flex container.